Any radar engineer would be required to understand
the linear algebra, trigonometry, statistics.
So they would be able to deal with radar measurements,
given for example in the polar coordinates.
At least you have to know how to apply those sine and cosine.
In the context of object tracking,
we used the radar information.
Probably you can apply an extended common filter.
In the context of object tracking they might require to know how to apply
the partial derivatives and those common filters
because we use the measurements provided by the radar.
Those measurements are described by non-linear measurement functions.
For common filter, those non-linear measurement functions have to be linearized.
So we have to apply those partial derivatives and obtain Jacobian's.
On the radar side they have to know how to
get the frequency values out of the radar signals,
and this could be applied by using Fast Fourier transforms.